c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\obj\Debug\BDLib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\BDLib.dll.config
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\BDLib.dll
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\BDLib.pdb
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\obj\Debug\BDLib.dll
c:\users\bailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\obj\Debug\BDLib.pdb
C:\Users\BAILEY\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\BAILEY\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
C:\Users\BAILEY\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\BAILEY\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
C:\Users\BAILEY\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\BAILEY\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
C:\Users\BAILEY\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\BAILEY\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
C:\Users\BAILEY\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BDLib\BDLib\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
